gh-98586: add whatsnew entry covering limited-API outgoing vector calls, related documentation fix (#99056)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-10-24-10-30-30.gh-issue-98586.Tha5Iy.rst

Added the methods :c:func:`PyObject_Vectorcall` and
:c:func:`PyObject_VectorcallMethod` to the :ref:`Limited API <stable>` along

> with the auxiliary macro constant :const:`PY_VECTORCALL_ARGUMENTS_OFFSET`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the auxiliary macro constant :c:data:`PY_VECTORCALL_ARGUMENTS_OFFSET`.
```

Likewise
